Update dual-stack.md issue-32212 (#32300)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

## Prerequisites

The following prerequisites are needed in order to utilize IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack Kubernetes clusters:
A version of Kubernetes that supports dual-stack networking. Dual-stack networking is generally available
since Kubernetes v1.23, so if you are running Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} then this
feature is available to you.
If you are not running Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, check the documentation for
that version of Kubernetes. {{< version-check >}}

Your cluster must also meet the following requirements:

   * Kubernetes 1.20 or later  
     For information about using dual-stack services with earlier
     Kubernetes versions, refer to the documentation for that version

>      of Kubernetes.

Reviewer: Imo, we should keep this section.
Dual-stack implementation is very different prior to 1.20
From 1.15 to 1.20, "dual-stack" implementation required a Service per IP family

Reviewer 2: We could reword it. If we direct people to the docs for older Kubernetes, it behooves us to serve those docs (we currently don't, although _aside_ I believe @nate-double-u has a cunning plan there).

So, let's think about how to help people but not set a false expectation.

Reviewer 3: @reylejano @sftim Apart from your conversation this PR looks inactive, so I'm going to `/close` it. Please feel free to continue the discussion and possibly revive the PR.

> The following prerequisites are needed in order to utilize IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack Kubernetes clusters:
> 
>    * Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}.
> +    If you are not running Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, check the documentation for
> +    that version of Kubernetes. {{< version-check >}}
>    * Provider support for dual-stack networking (Cloud provider or otherwise must be able to provide Kubernetes nodes with routable IPv4/IPv6 network interfaces)
>    * A network plugin that supports dual-stack (such as Kubenet or Calico)

Reviewer 2: This needs a bigger reword I'm afraid to say. We shouldn't mention kubenet or calico. We can rely on the earlier `
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="stable" >}}` shortcode to explain what people need there.

One phrase that might work for part of that
```suggestion
A version of Kubernetes that supports dual-stack networking. Dual-stack networking is generally available
since Kubernetes v1.23, so if you are running Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} then this
feature is available to you.
If you are not running Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, check the documentation for
that version of Kubernetes. {{< version-check >}}

Your cluster must also meet the following requirements:
```

Author: Suggested change on line 39 does not looks right ,please take a look🙂

Reviewer 4: @PriyanshuAhlawat : I find the suggested change to be okay. Could you please be more specific as to what, in particular, is the problem with the rephrasing that @sftim has suggested?
